Add bundle for helm-broker acceptance testing (#26) (#96)
kyma-project/bundles: bundles/acc-testing-0.0.1/README.md

# Testing

## Overview

> The `acc-testing` bundle is a simple bundle which contains a ConfigMap and a Deployment. It is created for Helm-Broker acceptance tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `acc-testing` bundle is a simple bundle which contains a ConfigMap and a Deployment. It is designed for acceptance tests purposes.
```
